flesh matters

bornear2 (from french bornoyer, from borne, one-eyed) transitive. to look with one eye, for example along the edge of a thing, to see if it is straight or flat, or along a row of things to see if they are aligned.

one morning, ornello balestro realizes that his life-long misery begun at the dentist’s when he as a teenager got two incorrect wisdom teeth removed. he speculates away about how this original asymmetry induces subsequent asymmetries, dense disintegration. insistent entropy sprouting out of the embodied error and lack: trigger for displacements and miss-identifications.

it is hard work to reimagine every single bit of your existence, just as it is hard work to let go, and grieve, and cut off the impulse to cling onto things known. it is hard work to be persistent in documenting it, and it does take some balls to face and to consciously unravel the meanders of the process. it is hard work to run all those miles, and to lift weights, and remember to take the appropriate supplements of diet. to cut down on tobacco. it is hard work to come out to friend after friend after friend. it is hard work to withhold eagerness, fear. it is hard work to stay, patient and firm and undone, in the non-territory you have to keep making yours, every day, every encounter. it is hard work to learn to be a lover again. so you write less and less, make lists instead, lists of lists, you lose track. you hope, each cross-out a breath, at best. but with each breath new sprouts sprout out, ivy mesh. admit, though, irresponsible young warrior, there is a sense of violent undoing in this voracity to open with your curious touch, to go and see and yes yes to win a brand new puzzle to solve because this time around you feel you do have a choice, you can actually pick the part, pick the team. so you keep upping your game until you really have to let it all melt into thick heavy cocktail that will offer the airy pearly bubble of... something closer to you. time is a verb.

emerging from the soil of past cycles, mutation actualizes, in the present embodiment, an incalculable future. a time-troubling event that collapses the reassuring—though entirely imaginary—linearity of life as a sequence. picture this as an experiment in writing a present invaded by the future folded back on it.

a vast majority of your time sips into motionless staring at photos of your bare chest. you see himself for the first time, equally amazed every time, and for some reason you stay there, unable to snap out of the enthralling loop, as if this was a doing, an essential part of becoming, as if without the staring something risked being unmade.

although i do see, i do watch himself take place, it happens in a vague territory that one might want to imagine as thick, hot-glowing, magnetic skin that is not. i don't have contours anymore. i sizzle. testosterone is pornographic.
